Animal Path Pain

One of the six paths of Pain, the Animal Path has the ability of summoning various animals and creatures into the battle. She is versatile and capable of defending her teammates with a Giant Panda to even terroizing them with a 3 headed cerberus. This path is used for large scale destruction by Nagato.

First Skill: Summoning: Giant Centipede:

Animal Path Pain summons an giant centipede that ambushes an enemy and terrorizing them for 2 turns. During this time they take 15 damage each turn and if they do not use a new skill (Harmful or friendly) they will be fully stunned for 1 turn. (Josh this skill is instant, not action, because I want his summonings to be treated seperately from animal path herself, just because she got stunned doesnt mean the summoning should) This skill becomes 'Summoning: Giant Lobster' after being used.

Cost: 1 nin     Cooldown: 2 turns     Classes: Physical, Melee, Instant, Unique

First skill (Alternate) Summoning: Giant Lobster:

Animal Path Pain summons a giant foaming lobster covering the battlefield in spittle. For 2 turns all enemies take 10 affliction damage, and will have their cooldowns increased by 1 turn if they use a new skill. During this time Animal Path and her team have 10 points of damage reduction. Becomes 'Summoning Giant Centipede' after being used.

Cost: 2 random Cooldown: 2 Classes: Chakra, Instant, Unique, Ranged

Second Skill Summoning: Giant Panda:

Animal Path Pain summons an giant panda that hardens its body targeting one ally or herself and protecting them. The target of this skill becomes invulnerable for 2 turns and gains 20 points of permanent destructable defense.

Cost: 1 Nin, 1 bloodline       Cooldown: 4 turns              Classes: Physical, Unique, Instant

Third Skill: Summoning: Giant Cerberus:

Animal Path summons an giant cerberus dog, that deals 10 piercing damage to all enemies for 2 turns. Animal Path and her allies each gain 1 'charge' of this skill. The first foe to use a new harmful skill on Animal Path or her allies will remove the charge and increase the length of this skill by 2 turns on themself. This skill stacks, and as long as this skill remains active it may not be used again. This skill ignores invulnerability.

Cost: 1 Nin, 1 bloodline         Cooldown: None (Cannot be used while active)               Classes : Physical, Melee, Instant, Unique


Fourth Skill: Summoning: Giant Chameleon

This skill makes Animal Path Pain invulnerable for 1 turn.
Cost : 1 random       Cooldown : 4 turns             Classes : Physical, Ranged, Unique
